{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 GOAL: Detect, record, report stage errors to catch before data quality is affected. \
(A3200 support, Matt)\
\
\
5/16	-- Do we actually want to use DATAACQ? This can be tied to the PSO\'85\
	-- if we define the window to have range (500, xxxx) counts, could this work? What do the counts stand for???\
	-- e-mailed Aerotech for help \
\
\
5/15 	-- Issues: \
		1. What is the purpose of the Data collection status struct?\
		2. How to collect the DataCollectionConfigCreate DCC object handle?\
\
\
	-- C:\
		+ DATASIGNALs are in A3200DataCollectionInfo.h\
		+ A3200DataCollectionConfigs are in A3200DataCollection.h\
		Step 1. Create DataCollectionConfig object. \
		Step 2. DataCollectionConfigAddSignal adds a signal to the object\
		Step 3. "Apply applies config to the A3200; "Start starts data collection immediately\
		\
\
		Examples: 
\f1\b [InstallDir]\\Samples\\Cpp\\CLibrary\\
\f0\b0 	\
		\
	-- AEROBASIC: \
	In A3200.chm > DATAACQ INPUT Command. Flow for DATAACQ commands needs to be:\
	1. DATAACQ TRIGGER: Can use output from drive's \
		a. PSO firing event (once/firing event) -- can include distance-based firing and entering/exiting PSO window\
		b. PSO Output (once/PSO transition from inactive to active state, i.e., capture multiple samples for a single PSO firing event depending on #output pulses generated for each event)	2. DATAACQ INPUT\
	3. .. ARRAY\
	4. .. OFF (optional)\
\
	What is the difference between DATAACQ and DATACOLLECT and SCOPETRIG??\
	1. DATAACQ: collect encoder (??) positions or analog inputs and save them to drive array. \
		External signal or PSO fire signal used to collect data. \
		Define source of the data acq event & data to be captured (up to 32 bits)\
	2. DATACOLLECT: configure and trigger data collection from AeroBasic program w.out use of Digital Scope (??). Windows thread monitors data collection\
		>> uses DATAITEMs: AXISSTATUS(<Axis>, <DataItem>)\
	3. SCOPETRIG: works in Digital Scope, Motion Designer, Motion Simulator. Triggers data collection in the desired application\
\
5/14 -- information re. PSOs & programming same can be found in A3200.chm. \
	-- want to grab a continuous stream of information and send it to the DB (when?). \
\
5/13 Started reading through A3200 documentation, 3Scan wrappers}